README.md, before:

# message\_copperframe

![Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-experimental-blue)

> Delivering impactful messages to your dashboard

Delivering impactful messages to your dashboard

![Hero image for message\_copperframe](doc/message_copperframe.jpeg)

Highlights:

-   The slot can be described by a title, description, prominence or status
-   Every time the slot is modified a notification is sent
-   A registry allow to modify multiple slots at once

A few examples:

Create a new slot class:

```dart
class InfoMessageSlot extends CopperframeSlotBase { InfoMessageSlot({
required super.tags,});}
```

## Documentation and links

-   [Code Maintenance :wrench:](MAINTENANCE.md)
-   [Code Of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
-   [Contributing :busts\_in\_silhouette: :construction:](CONTRIBUTING.md)
-   [Architectural Decision Records :memo:](DECISIONS.md)
-   [Contributors
    :busts\_in\_silhouette:](https://github.com/flarebyte/message_copperframe/graphs/contributors)
-   [Dependencies](https://github.com/flarebyte/message_copperframe/network/dependencies)
-   [Glossary
    :book:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview/blob/main/GLOSSARY.md)
-   [Software engineering principles
    :gem:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview/blob/main/PRINCIPLES.md)
-   [Overview of Flarebyte.com ecosystem
    :factory:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview)
-   [Dart dependencies](DEPENDENCIES.md)
-   [Usage](USAGE.md)
-   [Example](example/example.dart)

## Related

-   [form\_validator](https://pub.dev/packages/form_validator)

Commit message:

feat:Message holder with notifications (#1)
* Adds CopperframeMessagesHolder

* Adds unit tests for messages holder

* Update example and readme

* Adds image hero

* Update sdk for github

* Uses flutter github action

README.md, after:

# message\_copperframe

![Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-experimental-blue)

> Delivering impactful messages to your dashboard

Manages a list of message objects and notifies listeners when the message
list changes. This is useful for maintaining reactive state in Flutter
applications, ensuring UI components can respond to message updates
efficiently.

![Hero image for message\_copperframe](doc/message_copperframe.jpeg)

Highlights:

-   Reactive Updates which notifies listeners when the message list
    changes, enabling efficient UI updates.

-   Immutable State Checks that compares old and new messages to avoid
    unnecessary notifications.

-   Easy Integration which works seamlessly with Flutter's ChangeNotifier
    for state management.

A few examples:

Create a message holder:

```dart
final CopperframeMessagesHolder holder = CopperframeMessagesHolder();
```

Create a message:

```dart
final  infoMessage  =  CopperframeMessage(  label:  'This  is  an  info
message',  level:  CopperframeMessageLevel.info,  category:  'usage',  );
```

Update the message holder and notify:

```dart
holder.messages = [infoMessage]
```

## Documentation and links

-   [Code Maintenance :wrench:](MAINTENANCE.md)
-   [Code Of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
-   [Contributing :busts\_in\_silhouette: :construction:](CONTRIBUTING.md)
-   [Architectural Decision Records :memo:](DECISIONS.md)
-   [Contributors
    :busts\_in\_silhouette:](https://github.com/flarebyte/message_copperframe/graphs/contributors)
-   [Dependencies](https://github.com/flarebyte/message_copperframe/network/dependencies)
-   [Glossary
    :book:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview/blob/main/GLOSSARY.md)
-   [Software engineering principles
    :gem:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview/blob/main/PRINCIPLES.md)
-   [Overview of Flarebyte.com ecosystem
    :factory:](https://github.com/flarebyte/overview)
-   [Dart dependencies](DEPENDENCIES.md)
-   [Usage](USAGE.md)
-   [Example](example/example.dart)

## Related

-   [form\_validator](https://pub.dev/packages/form_validator)
